Update README with instructions for new DNS alias configuration (#11)
DataDog/datadog-cluster-agent-boshrelease: README.md

It provides a Bosh link (see [spec](jobs/datadog-cluster-agent/spec)) consumed by the Datadog Agent Bosh release in order to Autodiscover and schedule integrations for your apps, as well as improved tagging for application containers and processes discovery.

## Deployment

> To deploy the Datadog Cluster Agent make it discoverable by the Datadog Agent, provide a job like the following in a deploy manifest (refer to the [spec](jobs/datadog-cluster-agent/spec) for available properties):

Reviewer: Should this be `and make it discoverable`?

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy the Datadog Cluster Agent and make it discoverable by the Datadog Agent, provide a job like the following in a deploy manifest (refer to the [spec](jobs/datadog-cluster-agent/spec) for available properties):
```

      bbs_client_key: <CLIENT_PRIVATE_KEY>
  provides:
    datadog-cluster-agent:
      aliases:
        - domain: <DNS_NAME (e.g. datadog-cluster-agent)>
```

**Note**: This creates a DNS alias for the Datadog Cluster Agent service, that can be used to address its VM. See [this page](https://bosh.io/docs/dns/#aliases-to-services) for more details on Bosh DNS aliases.

> This DNS alias can be specified in the [job property `cluster_agent.address`](https://bosh.io/jobs/dd-agent?source=github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease&version=4.0.0#p%3dcluster_agent.address) of the Datadog Agent runtime configuration, like so:

Author: ```suggestion
This DNS alias is to be specified in the [job property `cluster_agent.address`](https://bosh.io/jobs/dd-agent?source=github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease&version=4.0.0#p%3dcluster_agent.address) of the Datadog Agent runtime configuration, like so:
```
